Okay. Great. You have just completed your first exercise.
There is no one right answer to this.
This is more just a way to reflect and think about what you've learned.
To share my own reflection on my experience with EHR data security and privacy,
my key takeaways are to be aware of what you do not know
and rely on those who have deeper knowledge in the areas of legal and compliance.
Also, your organization likely has an infrastructure team that has put
together compliance protocols and rules that can help guide you.
There are also required HIPAA training for those in
the US that can outline some of these key requirements as well.
Some areas that I'm personally interested in learning more
are the way privacy is evolving and how methods
such as differential privacy and
federated learning are gaining more acceptance across different fields.
I'm curious to see how this will evolve in health care as well.